Bokeh dashboard for accessibility audit. (#2)
Quansight-Labs/bokeh-a11y-audit: dashboard/README.md

# Bokeh dashboard for accessibility audit

> A dashboard with commonly used Bokeh plot elements for an initial accessibility audit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This repository contains assets and artefacts related to Bokeh accessibility audits:

- [A dashboard with commonly used Bokeh plot elements](./dashboard/dashboard.ipynb). This dashboard can be accessed at <https://quansight-labs.github.io/bokeh-a11y-audit/>.
```

Since we will end up holding more items than only the dashboard
